Scheduler: Update Time Zone Support demo desc. (#30916)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Scheduler/TimeZonesSupport/description.md

> DevExtreme Scheduler ships with time zone customization support. You can specify time zones for both the component and individual appointments. To define the component time zone, assign an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones" target="_blank">IANA time zone</a> value to the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) property.

Reviewer: I am not sure that it is correct to say that time zone is customizable. Let's try to avoid this. I also restructured the sentence flow a bit:

```suggestion
Our DevExtreme Scheduler allows you to specify time zones for the component and its appointments. In this demo, you can change the component time zone using the [SelectBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/SelectBox/Overview/) above the Scheduler. The [getTimeZones()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/utils/#getTimeZonesdate_timeZones) method call populates the SelectBox with values.
```

> In this demo, you can change the component time zone with the [SelectBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/SelectBox/Overview/) above the Scheduler. To populate the SelectBox, this demo calls the [getTimeZones()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/utils/#getTimeZonesdate_timeZones) utility method.

Reviewer: You may want to take a recently announced quiz for explanations about prepositions and using. I also inverted the second sentence to get rid of a comma.

<!--split-->

> To change appointment time zones, enable **editing**.[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing). Scheduler supports different time zones for appointment start and end dates (with the [startDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Interfaces/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDateTimeZone) and [endDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Interfaces/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDateTimeZone) appointment properties).

Reviewer: We usually do not use articles in lists with "and". But I would simply omit the list's introduction:

```suggestion
To define the time zone on the component level, assign an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones" target="_blank">IANA time zone</a> value to the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) property. To change time zones for appointments, enable the **editing**.[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing) option. 

Our Scheduler also supports different time zones for appointment start and end dates ([startDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Interfaces/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDateTimeZone) and [endDateTimeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Interfaces/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDateTimeZone) appointment properties).
```
